I want to show you something this um
this is my body you like it take it in
for a minute go ahead and at all angles
you know you don't get a body like this
from sitting behind a desk with your
pants undone here in Hollywood being in
shape is more important than being alive
and this is how we do it who trains the
most beautiful actresses in the world
who shapes the bodies of Hollywood's
elite through his patented and proven X
attainment system I do
I'm Jimmy K let's get to work
hi I'm Scarlett Johansson you know
people always ask me how do you stay in
such great shape I never asked I know
meet my fitness guru
thanks Scarlett you know there are so
many workout programs out there ab
gliding pole dancing weight shaking tank
topping banging rubber against your head
but you know what all of these so-called
workout programs have in common
no I'll tell you none of them work out
bad diets and knockout plans only lead
to anticipate and frustration
thanks scarlet but not anymore because
now you can become a member of my
exercise even close maybe top Hollywood
stars like scarlet Johan Oh hottie body
hum Pilates combines the flexibility of
Pilates with the SEC's ability of
humping to make your cardiovascular
system a part of your vascular system
hi I'm Minka Kelly before I started with
Jimmy K he was so fat she could barely
even walk and now I feel great and I
weigh less than the average
nine-year-old girl thanks Mika you're
welcome
hi I'm Jessica Biel and when I started
training with Jimmy K I had a mission to
get into shape to be bikini ready and
hopefully become the kind of woman that
Jimmy K would select for a lovemaking
session thanks Jessica you're on your
way
cuz I'm Emma I called you twice and you
haven't called me back and then last
night I sent you that text message hi
I'm Jessica Alba before I started
working out with Jimmy K I was sluggish
and out of shape then I cried a lot I
cried a lot too
but what did we do we turned tears into
gears together we had to cry I train
ladies who fill the big screens and
skinny jeans let my hottie bodies hum
Pilates DVD transform your body from
flabby Abby terrific Kelly
ready to do this honey buddy
enough with the bake it's time to shake
ready wreck lunch the left ones the
right luck it plunge it keep it going
tight now good that's good I'll be girls
yeah oboe pump it up pump it down take a
train to humpy town that's good I
couldn't stop humping i hump everywhere
at work at the pooch in the car
even when I'm humping I'm humping I'm
humping to thanks Eva come on now get
that rump in the huh
get in there now
come on
make it pregnant
hi I'm Emily Blunt when Jimmy K first
approached me made me unconscious locked
me in the trunk of his car and drove me
to his private workout dungeon I'll
admit I was skeptical but the results
speak for themselves
see behind me is he wearing what I'm
wearing let's get ridiculous up pop the
ball pump the ball now hunt the wall
open
the Casa Borinquen Pilates workout is a
revelation Acosta's and recently the
little cross train distinct engine fell
explain since the car
booty Racing's metabolic by a meticulous
to solid by the Karelian gracias muchas
Sofia before Jimmy K showed you the way
how would you have described your body
and a little doughy she was a disgusting
hippopotamus but now she's as hot as the
devil's armpits on the fourth of July
thanks to a workout regimen that's so
simple it's almost impossible to
understand no pills no bands no gloves
belt balls weight benches or stationary
bikes I'll help you harness your body's
natural energy this is I'm a rare yellow
line
Zion could be up 20 feet in the air and
take down an animal ten times to size so
how does he find time to stay in such
great shape
not with weights or diet drinks I'll
tell you that hi I'm Lindsay Lohan tell
us more about lions Lindsay
well lions spend their days hunting and
their night tummy so true
Lions have upwards of 40 times a night
I've spent thousands of hours watching
them so I know
Holly 20 companies then delay today only
$49.99 operators are humping by the
Jimmy Keith program is so affordable
it's practically a steal
allegedly
Odin there